.\" Manpage for sshdiff.
.\" Copyright (c) 2013
.\" Created by Jorge Morgado <jorge (at) morgado (dot) ch>
.\" Please contact the author to correct errors or typos.
.TH SSHDIFF 1 "06 Jan 2013" "1.0" "sshdiff man page"
.SH NAME
sshdiff
\- Compare two remote files line by line via secure shell

.SH SYNOPSIS
sshdiff
[ \fB-h\fP ] [ \fB-v\fP ] [ \fB-r\fP ] [ \fBsshargs\fP ]
        [ \fB--brief\fP ] [ \fB--context\fP[=\fINUM\fP] ] [ \fB--ed\fP ] [ \fB--expand-tabs\fP ]
        [ \fB--ignore-all-space\fP ] [ \fB--ignore-blank-lines\fP ]
        [ \fB--ignore-case\fP ] [ \fB--ignore-file-name-case\fP ]
        [ \fB--ignore-tab-expansion\fP ] [ \fB--initial-tab\fP ] [ \fB--left-column\fP ]
        [ \fB--minimal\fP ] [ \fB--no-ignore-file-name-case\fP ] [ \fB--normal\fP ]
        [ \fB--paginate\fP ] [ \fB--rcs\fP ] [ \fB--side-by-side\fP ]
        [ \fB--speed-large-files\fP ] [ \fB--strip-trailing-cr\fP ]
        [ \fB--suppress-common-lines\fP ] [ \fB--text\fP ] [ \fB--unified\fP[=\fINUM\fP] ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
sshdiff is a command line tool to compare two remote files.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h
Print this help.
.TP
.B -v
Print version information.
.TP
.B -r, --recursive
Recursively compare any subdirectories found.
.TP
.I sshargs
Any scp arguments for both hosts.
.TP
.B --brief
Output only whether files differ.
.TP
.B --context\fP[=\fINUM\fP]
Output NUM (default 3) lines of unified context.
.TP
.B --ed
Output an ed script.
.TP
.B --expand-tabs
Expand tabs to spaces in output.
.TP
.B --ignore-all-space
Ignore all white space.
.TP
.B --ignore-blank-lines
Ignore changes whose lines are all blank.
.TP
.B --ignore-case
Ignore case differences in file contents.
.TP
.B --ignore-file-name-case
Ignore case when comparing file names.
.TP
.B --ignore-tab-expansion
Ignore changes due to tab expansion.
.TP
.B --initial-tab
Make tabs line up by prepending a tab.
.TP
.B --left-column
Output only the left column of common lines.
.TP
.B --minimal
Try hard to find a smaller set of changes.
.TP
.B --no-ignore-file-name-case
Consider case when comparing file names.
.TP
.B --normal
Output a normal diff.
.TP
.B --paginate
Pass the output through `pr' to paginate it.
.TP
.B --rcs
Output an RCS format diff.
.TP
.B --side-by-side
Output in two columns.
.TP
.B --speed-large-files
Assume large files and many scattered small changes.
.TP
.B --strip-trailing-cr
Strip trailing carriage return on input.
.TP
.B --suppress-common-lines
Do not output common lines.
.TP
.B --text
Treat all files as text.
.TP
.B --unified\fP[=\fINUM\fP]
Output NUM (default 3) lines of copied context.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBscp\fP(1), \fBdiff\fP(1)
.SH BUGS
No known bugs. Please send problems, bugs, questions, desirable enhancements, patches, etc. to:
.LP
.RS
jorge (at) morgado (dot) ch
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
Jorge Morgado (jorge (at) morgado (dot) ch)
