.\" Manpage for sshrun.
.\" Copyright (c) 2013
.\" Created by Jorge Morgado <jorge (at) morgado (dot) ch>
.\" Please contact the author to correct errors or typos.
.TH SSHRUN 1 "06 Jan 2013" "1.0" "sshrun man page"
.SH NAME
sshrun
\- Runs a command on a list of servers (as a regular user or using sudo)

.SH SYNOPSIS
sshrun
[ \fB-h\fP ] [ \fB-v\fP ] [ \fB--flist\fP \fIfile\fP ] [ \fB--list\fP \fIlist\fP ]
       [ \fB--sudo\fP ] [ \fB--verbose\fP ] [ \fBsshargs\fP ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B sshrun
is a command line tool to run one or more commands on a remote host or list of hosts.
.PP
If input is provided from stdin (e.g. cat <servers_list> | ...), the list must
contain one server per line (same as with --flist). The command(s) should always
be quoted, otherwise there is no guarantee they won't be executed locally.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h
Print this help.
.TP
.B -v
Print version information.
.TP
.B --flist \fIfile\fP
A file with list of servers (one per line) to run command(s).
.TP
.B --list \fIlist\fP
Comma separated list of servers list to run command(s).
.TP
.B --verbose
Show hostname where running command(s).
.TP
.B --sudo
Run command using sudo (requires \fB--flist\fP or \fB--list\fP). Make sure `sudo' is in your $PATH or it will fail silently.
.TP
.I sshargs
Any ssh arguments.
.SH EXAMPLES
cat servers.txt | \fBsshrun\fP uptime
.PP
cat servers.txt | \fBsshrun\fP --verbose "df -h"
.PP
cat servers.txt | \fBsshrun\fP --verbose -l someuser -i /path/to/key "ps aux"
.PP
\fBsshrun\fP --list "host1, host2, hostN" \\
       --verbose "cat /proc/version; uptime"
.PP
\fBsshrun\fP --list "host1, host2, hostN" \\
       --sudo "apt-get install pckname"
.PP
\fBsshrun\fP --list "`cat servers.csv`" --verbose --sudo "lsof -i :443"
.PP
\fBsshrun\fP --flist servers.txt --verbose --sudo "lsof -i :443"
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBssh\fP(1)
.SH BUGS
No known bugs. Please send problems, bugs, questions, desirable enhancements, patches, etc. to:
.LP
.RS
jorge (at) morgado (dot) ch
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
Jorge Morgado (jorge (at) morgado (dot) ch)
